Welcome.
So this course is quite a bit different from other courses in its scope its complexity and its structure.
So I want to first talk about how it came to be and what makes it special.
I'll keep it brief.
First I should say hi.
Hello my name is Colt.
I have a face.
Those are professional photos of it.
Here's one I'd prefer.
Me and my cat look out for her to make an appearance or two throughout the course so some days I wake
up and I think that I made developer who specializes in teaching.
Other days I wake up and think that I'm a teacher who specializes in developing and other days I just
don't really think about it it's kind of a weird thing to think about.
But truthfully I think those are the two things that define my life the most.
Teaching and coding.
So I've been teaching people to code for 6 years now seven years.
Initially in boot camps around San Francisco these three to six month programs that were very intensive
take people from zero experience up to the point where they can get a job.
Then I left and started making online courses.
This is one of those courses I've been doing that for about two years now.
So that's enough about me.
You can read my bio if you want to it's kind of boring but it has more information.
So back to the story of this course.
So here's a less than beautiful diagram I created that is supposed to represent a talented developers
skill level.
There are a ton of course is out there.
Some of mine included that focus on the first 60 percent of this bar.
The foundational topics things like Tim elsea s and Javascript maybe some intermediate things like throw
in a couple of advanced topics but it's really focused on the bread and butter of development.
But what about the other stuff.
All the important things.
Once you've mastered the basics that's what this course really focuses on.
We really want to help students level up their skills fill up this bar.
So what are the topics that we need to cover in order to do that.
Well there's a lot of them here so you can see as they appear.
So this is a very diverse list of topics.
But every single thing here is for a reason whether we're talking about things like react and redux
some of the trendiest most popular technologies out there or things like testing and Object-Oriented
Programming which are less glamorous but are really important skills to have as a developer to learn
more about the curriculum.
Please watch the following curriculum over the video.
It goes into a lot of detail.
So this is a ton of content.
It's honestly it's kind of insane for me to do it all my own it would probably take a year or more.
So instead I got the team back together.
So who is the team you might ask.
Well the team is a group of trusted instructors that I've worked with for years.
A lot of the time when instructors pair up to teach online they haven't even met in person they haven't
worked together before but this is really different.
The team I'm referring to is a real team in real life.
We worked together for years teaching people how to code in person in San Francisco.
These are some of my favorite people I've ever worked with.
So we have Ellie Tim and Matt.
These are the photos they provided me with when I asked but I prefer these.
Sorry you'll learn a lot more about these guys as the course goes on.
But I just want to highlight that each one of them brings something to the table.
For example Matt right here who sadly no longer has that mustache.
That's really really good with math is a math Ph.D. actually.
He's a published author but more relevant to this course.
He's really skilled with D-3 and data visualisations.
So that's something that I frankly I'm terrible at visualizing data using D-3 creating interactive diagrams
dashboards.
So I'm really thankful to have him here because his content on that is much much better than any content
I could produce.
So I'll leave it there for now.
This course is really unique in a couple of ways.
The scope the diversity of topics that we cover as well as the structure of our team the fact that we've
all worked together that we know each other's teaching styles and that we're bringing our off line boot
camp experience back online.
So next up we'll take you on a journey through the curriculum and it really is a journey because there's
a lot to talk about.